Troubleshooting guide (#998)
TBD54566975/developer.tbd.website: site/docs/web5/build/troubleshooting-guide.mdx

# Troubleshooting Guide

## UnhandledSchemeError: Reading from "node:crypto" is not handled by plugins (Unhandled scheme)

> This seems to be an issue with Webpack that happens mostly in React / Next.js projects. Here's how to solve it.

Reviewer: Thanks for including!! Is it okay, if for this, you just say Next.js and remove React? React doesn't have a next config file and the way to solve the problem is different.

Author: Gotcha. Thanks

> This seems to be an issue with Webpack that happens mostly in React / Next.js projects. Here's how to solve it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is an issue with Webpack that happens mostly in Next.js projects. Here's how to solve it:
```

> Run

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Run the following command to install two packages that will enable cryptographic functions and stream handling within the browser:
```

```bash

> npm install crypto-browserify stream-browserify

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm install crypto-browserify stream-browserify process
```

I forgot to add  process when I was advising people on Discord. I'm sure they figured it out because it will throw an error that that is missing

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm install crypto-browserify stream-browserify process
```

Actually when I gave people advice on Discord, I forgot to add process as a package they need to install. I'm sure they figured it out because it will throw an error that it's not installed.

Reviewer: oh I put it at the wrong line!

> Then, in your `next.config.js` file, add the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Then, in your `next.config.js` file, add the following:
```

```js
const webpack = require('webpack');

/** @type {import('next').NextConfig} */
const nextConfig = {
  reactStrictMode: true,

  webpack: (config, { isServer, buildId, dev, webpack }) => {
    if (!isServer) {
      config.resolve.fallback = {
        ...config.resolve.fallback,
        stream: require.resolve('stream-browserify'),
        crypto: require.resolve('crypto-browserify'),
      };

      config.plugins.push(
        new webpack.ProvidePlugin({
          process: 'process/browser',
        }),
        new webpack.NormalModuleReplacementPlugin(
          /node:crypto/,
          (resource) => {
            resource.request = resource.request.replace(/^node:/, '');
          }
        )
      );
    }
    return config;
  },
};

module.exports = nextConfig;
```

## ReferenceError: process is not defined

> When starting up and connecting to the Web5 sdk, some polyfills might be missing. To fix this at the moment, update your Web5 import to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When starting up and connecting to the Web5 SDK, some polyfills might be missing. To fix this, update your Web5 import:
```

```js
import { Web5 } from '@web5/api/browser';
```

## ProtocolAuthorizationIncorrectProtocolPath: Declared protocol path 'x' is not the same as actual protocol path 'y/x'

This could happen for a few reasons when working with protocols. Here are the debugging steps you could take:
- Confirm that the `protocolPath` in your `message` object is correct and matches the protocol path you declared in your protocol definition.
- Next check that you are not missing a `parentId` attribute when sending your request. This is a common mistake when creating a record in a protocol. For example, if you are creating a todo item in a todo list, you need to pass the `parentId` of the todo list to the todo item. Here's an example:

```js
await web5.dwn.records.create({
    data: todoData,
    message: {
        protocol: protocolDefinition.protocol,
        protocolPath: 'list/todo',
        schema: protocolDefinition.types.todo.schema,
        dataFormat: protocolDefinition.types.todo.dataFormats[0],
        parentId: listId.value,
    }
});
```

## Error: 'undefined' is not supported by the IPLD Data Model and cannot be encoded

> This is most likely a syntax error. Check your code for any typos or missing attributes.

Reviewer: a syntax error where? Anywhere? In the protocol definition or..(sorry not trying to be annoying)
